TODO.md, before:

# TODO

## FRONT END

- [x] Form to input todo list tasks
  - [x] Submits input to server
- [x] Render to DOM on task creation
  - [x] Delete Button
    - [ ] Removes it from DOM
  - [x] Mark as complete
    - [ ] Sends change in completion status to server
    - [ ] on completion, change the the visual of the task
      - Could be background color change, checkbox, DECIDE ON ONE

### Required Styling

- [ ] Background color
- [ ] Font family
- [ ] Font size
- [ ] text color & or background color of tasks to show whether or not they have been completed

## BACK END

- [x] Store user created tasks in DB
  - [x] weekend-to-do-app
  - [x] POST /tasks endpoint to add an item todo
  - [x] PUT /tasks/complete/:id to updated a specific task for completion
- [x] task completion should be stored on DB
  - [x] GET /tasks endpoint to retrieve all tasks
- [ ] Delete removes from DB
  - [ ] DELETE /tasks/:id endpoint deletes the row from DB

We will attempt to hold this data with two tables, one to keep a list of our projects and a second that keeps a list of tasks for said project.

BASE MODE

| tasks table         |
| ------------------- |
| id                  |
| task (VARCHAR(256)) |
| complete (BOOLEAN)  |

STRETCH

| projects table                      |
| ----------------------------------- |
| id                                  |
| project name (VARCHAR(16))          |
| project description (VARCHAR(1024)) |

| tasks table          |
| -------------------- |
| id                   |
| project id (integer) |
| task (VARCHAR(256))  |
| complete (BOOLEAN)   |

Commit message:

Complete task buttons make ajax calls to server

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

## FRONT END

- [x] Form to input todo list tasks
  - [x] Submits input to server
- [x] Render to DOM on task creation
  - [x] Delete Button
    - [ ] Removes it from DOM
  - [x] Mark as complete
    - [ ] Sends change in completion status to server
    - [ ] on completion, change the the visual of the task
      - Could be background color change, checkbox, DECIDE ON ONE

### Required Styling

- [ ] Background color
- [ ] Font family
- [ ] Font size
- [ ] text color & or background color of tasks to show whether or not they have been completed

## BACK END

- [x] Store user created tasks in DB
  - [x] weekend-to-do-app
  - [x] POST /tasks endpoint to add an item todo
  - [x] PUT /tasks/complete/:id to updated a specific task for completion
- [x] task completion should be stored on DB
  - [x] GET /tasks endpoint to retrieve all tasks
- [x] Delete removes from DB
  - [x] DELETE /tasks/:id endpoint deletes the row from DB
- [ ] Refactor server endpoints into a router

We will attempt to hold this data with two tables, one to keep a list of our projects and a second that keeps a list of tasks for said project.

BASE MODE

| tasks table         |
| ------------------- |
| id                  |
| task (VARCHAR(256)) |
| complete (BOOLEAN)  |

STRETCH

| projects table                      |
| ----------------------------------- |
| id                                  |
| project name (VARCHAR(16))          |
| project description (VARCHAR(1024)) |

| tasks table          |
| -------------------- |
| id                   |
| project id (integer) |
| task (VARCHAR(256))  |
| complete (BOOLEAN)   |
